oh so so uh sauce in the girl voice and
this dude on xbox you started because
you know no yes no I'm probably have a
small party with the crib I've cross my
heart hey God if I'm 1 i'm telling you
the hundred percent true oh no this dude
I'm telling you know I each heart
telling me to talk dirty to I was like I
wonder what he's gonna do that's all I
did it and this does all I hear in the
background is it's just like it I was
like oh my god and this is exactly what
I said I was like is hey can I tell you
something and he was like yeah that's
like oh well I'm actually I got are you
hurry up in deep down the party no easy
easy private chat jam not a party chat
so nobody could join in oh yeah yeah
beats by homes beats by homes yes dude
if it's yes that's the new thing I
forgot to turn in your paper is a little
stupid my quiz house key again my eye on
you mr. Wazowski always watching spot
rate beats by homes blew up birla jigga
the death of pity weapons my classics
all yours I don't know
yeah not Liz Liz and Elizabeth don't I
what are you doing dude now because I
don't know her like listen is this guy's
name is christian right and then
displayed a good right like you're not
very web doesn't he's like yeah hey I
was like there we go pretty weapon your
nose like what did you two do Dora are
you owe me me me me idea Mimi a brother
he's on I don't know tell me for sure
let's see oh maybe we're go oh yeah I
tell me whatchu brother I sure we got
everything you got to do so people i
wanna come on you need me to go to Las
bow oh no I got you I got you fam motive
you'll guarantee we're gonna go missing
solos up to come on man they are good
name mon Dieu Union we're gonna go make
your controllers ready your guns out
come on I don't love we drive by
let's go I mean masculine villains are a
lot you let's go okay lets his run over
top rope oh oh that's doing it our way
oh do the heck do we this do birds
putting me to do ma'am do you get out of
the car it's actually really good I
don't know how to drive this I love you
too limp what is happening don't don't
get my door off that's okay back your
money I know those for this DQ this is
all 10 20 person homes this is what come
on yeah we're done come on let us go to
hell be ain't no age Oh surely no put
the pig hey did the car go home sick
today but we're good no no no hey girls
i'm catching bodies with me they're like
completely blocking money but order to
write a fight 00 gophers person bro
ma'am
the back foot go and i still let me look
at me look at me in first person I'm in
this joint might take off my radicchio
those two I'm right ain't no although
cooking mini muffin like muscle gang
eNOS oh ok jus dam broke on my channel
was a PG channel until tricking home
came along be oh my fault sorry a little
bit finally have an obvious top five
adult subscribers damn bro oh my god
it's cold so just uploaded a video let's
go check it out the next thing you know
they're like oh my god I like go Phil to
stop by the video how can it do what is
it about girl boy if a what look at my
dude look at my duties Jamie wisely all
right yes he was all engines are just
disagree hora no I'm good no need now
you can forget creek water you know and
the rate jump in your stumbling on
what's up baby it was a be deeply oh
you're dead DVD you're done you must out
this hey I don't think they're ever
gonna feel a nobody don't let me get the
air first I think it efforts all right
anyway no riddles I'll run along with
you brother even if they never gonna
they never got finished his plane right
here it's been worked on for the past
three years mother all right Sorry Sorry
oh oh oh crap I'm dead
oh how I survived it wouldn't you
constipated no I just got a gun a plane
crash bro runs touch it oh I don't know
print it no this o.o suicide has the
physical toll that they're not kill me
oh crap crap crap crap crap crap crap
what's that ain't Kevin Hart it was
supposed to kill me well that's homes oh
god that's terror on the finish it off
road this actually finishes it off okay
yep that finish it up bro one more maybe
one more straight to the run reach to
watch lb baby a little loud
Oh
Oh Robert attack this was gonna run you
hey it is it for that is going on Yuki
Roberts the sly party hi thing that's
going on the video d that's only January
I'm just messing with you smash your
average robbers friend i'm just messin
wit evening yeah hey no no no no